= semantic_extraction

Extract meaningful information from unstructured text with Ruby.

Using a variety of APIs (Yahoo Term Extractor and Alchemy are currently supported), semantic_extraction can automatically return a collection of keywords for an arbitrary block of text. If you use Alchemy, it can also return named entities.

A brief walkthrough:

  $ require 'rubygems'
  $ require 'semantic_extraction'
  $ SemanticExtraction.alchemy_api_key = 'YOUR_API_KEY_HERE'
  $ SemanticExtraction.find_keywords("http://chrisvannoy.com/2010/03/10/introducing_semantic_extraction/")
  $ ["Knight News Challenge", "Yahoo Term Extractor", "obscure gem", "soon-to-be twitter employee", "handle serving gems", "API providers", "Alchemy API", "unstructured text", "earliest steps", "Rails 3-compatible version", "structured data", "early stage", "death threats", "github", "final aside", "awesome piece", "default choice", "HTTP communication", "Indianapolis Star", "Feel free"]

== The APIs in use

* {Yahoo Term Extractor}[http://developer.yahoo.com/search/content/V1/termExtraction.html]

* {Alchemy API}[http://www.alchemyapi.com/api/]

== Upcoming To-Dos

* Add support for {OpenCalais}[http://www.opencalais.com/documentation/opencalais-documentation]

* Flesh out the rest of the Alchemy API

* Tests, tests and more tests.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Chris Vannoy. See LICENSE for details.
